Options
The cat command has options to change how it shows text:

-n - Add numbers to each line
-b - Add numbers only to lines with text
-s - Remove extra empty lines
-v - Show non-printing characters (except for tabs and end of line)

-n Option: Number All Lines
The -n option adds numbers to each line of the output.

Example: Number All Lines
cat -n my_file.txt
    1  Understanding Shells
    2  A shell is a text-based interface that lets you talk to your computer.
    3
    4  There are different types of shells. Bash (Bourne Again SHell)
    5  is popular because it's powerful and easy to use.

-b Option: Number Non-Blank Lines
The -b option adds numbers only to lines with text, ignoring blank lines.

Example: Number Non-Blank Lines
cat -b my_file.txt
    1  Understanding Shells
    2  A shell is a text-based interface that lets you talk to your computer.

    3  There are different types of shells. Bash (Bourne Again SHell)
    4  is popular because it's powerful and easy to use.

-s Option: Suppress Repeated Empty Lines
The -s option removes extra empty lines from the output, leaving only a single blank line where multiple ones existed.

Example: Suppress Repeated Empty Lines
    cat -s my_file.txt
    Understanding Shells
    A shell is a text-based interface that lets you talk to your computer.
    There are different types of shells. Bash (Bourne Again SHell)
    is popular because it's powerful and easy to use.

-v Option: Show Non-Printing Characters
The -v option makes non-printing characters visible, except for tabs and end-of-line characters.

This is useful for debugging files with hidden characters.

Example: Show Non-Printing Characters
    cat -v my_file.txti
    
Concatenate Two Files
The cat command can be used to concatenate multiple files into one.

This is useful for combining files or appending content to an existing file.

Example: Concatenate Two Files
    cat file1.txt file2.txt > combined.txt
    This command takes the contents of file1.txt and file2.txt and writes them into combined.txt.

Using cat with Piping
The cat command is often used with piping to send the content of files to other commands.

This is useful for processing text data.

Example
    cat my_file.txt | grep "shells"

    Understanding Shells
    There are different types of shells. Bash (Bourne Again SHel
